you have never seen anything like this
trapped in a giant cube and forced to
compete to the death in twisted children's
games this movie has zero chill putting
your strength intelligence and sanity to
the test with a trick around every corner
what do you do this one will have your reasoning
with utter madness as i'm going to break down
the mistakes made which you should do in how
to beat the twisted games in as the gods will
it's a normal school day until the teacher's head
explodes into bloody marbles and a japanese daruma
doll pops out of his stump telling the class he
wants to play a game the rumor dolls are a common
symbol for good luck in japan but it's safe to
say this one isn't the lucky kind this daruma doll
here starts the game and turns around as these
two kids run for the exit and their heads explode
into marbles too this particular death game is way
too bloody for youtube so every time you see these
here someone's head just exploded and you'll have
to use a little bit of imagination the doll tells
them the rules of the game this is red light green
light the nightmare version usually this is just a
children's game where you have to sneak up on the
leader in the front and tag them before they turn
around and see you but in this version they have
to push the button in the back of the doll without
being seen before time runs out and if he turns
around and sees you moving your head will explode
okay this is [ __ ] insane but if you're only
thinking about why this is happening you're going
to lose the game we need to be thinking about how
to keep our heads and beat this thing before the
time runs out if we're free to move around when
he's not looking we need to maximize his time to
gather information and develop a team strategy as
much as possible this hero tries to rush forward
to push the button but doesn't make it in time
as the daruma doll turns his head and catches it
moving being a hero won't work but if we move as
a group and each take one step at a time in unison
our chances of survival increase some people will
mess up but with each step we'll get closer to
achieving the goal next we can block his sight
once we're all closer i toss my jacket over his
head aiming to cover the doll's eyes just as
it turns around you would then have a better
chance of touching the button without getting
killed in a situation like this every piece of
information is useful for survival and we need
to think about what this doll's limitations are
he has no neck so even if he can turn himself
around he doesn't appear to have the physical
ability to look downwards beyond his peripheral
vision so if it's me i'd consider crawling on the
floor and sneaking up to him from below the desk
if i could hide below his eye level until he turns
around again i could quickly reach the button
without getting caught now i wouldn't actually do
this myself because it's way too risky but i would
advertise it to my schoolmates as a strategy and
encourage others to test the idea there's only two
people left standing with 35 seconds remaining but
the kid's friend has an idea he tells sean here to
use him as a springboard to vault over all these
dead bodies and with less than 10 seconds left the
kid rushes forward he jumps off his friend's back
and makes it to the rumor doll pressing the button
with one second remaining what a badass way to win
the game but there's no time to celebrate because
this kid's head explodes and we learn a simple
fact in this case there can only be one winner the
daruma doll explains the student who presses the
button is the only one who gets to live and then
warns him that he's a mouse and that the cat is
coming this means that there are more horrifying
games we have to go through and we can't relax
now considering all these dead students saved my
life by making enough mistakes for me to learn
from i'm looking for other students from the other
classes to try banding together the more bodies
there are between me and the next death game the
lower the probability that i'm dying right away
and i can figure out how to keep myself alive
that's when the kid's childhood friend ichika
opens the door he finds out that she was in a
daruma doll game of her own and she won just
like him he uses his momentary freedom to call the
police but finds out he's not in a service area
okay this is the time to find a way out and
to plan ahead i would take this opportunity
to explore all escape options even if we find out
there's no way to escape we can focus on beating
the games it's clear that other games are coming
as the daruma doll said so i'm going to take my
time carefully investigating my surroundings and
gathering useful resources for whatever might
come next things to throw like pencil cases rulers
scissors or even textbooks they continue running
until they reach the gymnasium where they see
a bunch of other students wearing mice costumes
the door suddenly shuts itself behind them and now
they're locked in this is their next game and as
the writing on the floor explains the objective is
to put a bell on a cat the class president orders
them to put on the mice costumes but they don't
and this hesitation will pay off later the floor
opens up and a giant manaki neko statue rises up
this is yet another symbol of good luck in japan
that's going to bring these students the exact
opposite the goal to put the giant bell in the
cat's basket collar without getting eaten okay
whoever designed these challenges are complete
psychopaths we're told to get into a mouse costume
and personally i would rush to put one on because
i'd be scared of punishment for not following
the rules but immediately it eats a mouse
but those still in their school uniforms are
left alone so there's more to this than it seems
as long as there are meister chase it's blind
to the students who are still wearing uniforms
if the mice costumes are optional but this must be
considered a variable in our strategy to defeat it
so i would take off my mouse costume immediately
and take a step back to safely assess the pieces
of the game this collar is about 20 feet high
double the height of a regular basketball hoop
unless your dude perfect and nailing impossible
shots the likelihood of a regular student getting
this shot off is extremely low and it would take
too many attempts to even consider as a viable
option with the cat running us over and swiping at
us it's too dangerous to make multiple attempts to
throw the bell in its face it also has a string
along its back that could be grabbed if we ran up
it my solution is to climb it for a dunk or layup
whenever it eats a mouse it pauses and that's your
best chance at this you could wrap the bound on
your shirt and tie around your back like a sling
then when a classmate gets eaten climb up the
cat with the bell in the sling and work your way
around the collar to go in for the dunk one of the
students is the basketball team's mvp and has the
girl pass the bell over to him the shooter makes
the free throw but the bell is caught by the cat
who throws it right back in the basketball player
they've just lost their mvp and now it can use its
hands things just got way worse they realize the
cat is only eating mice and they finally take off
their mouse costumes putting an end to the most
dangerous cosplay event ever but with no more
mice to eat it starts going for humans now this
is where we need to get a little creative with
our teamwork if there's too many mice more people
will be eaten and if the cat has only one mouse to
chase then you're stuck in a mouse costume with
the undivided intention of a giant [ __ ] cat i
would make everyone wear only the mouse legs and
fold the top of the costume down that way everyone
can rotate wearing the mouse costume depending on
where the cat is in the room and when it needs to
be distracted somewhere else by simply throwing
on the top of the costume like a jacket we can
effectively appear and disappear to the cat as
needed work together to get the bell in the basket
and avoid getting eaten shawn here takes one
for the team and puts on a mouse costume and
after getting seriously cat handled he realizes
he can hear it complain about its itchy back he
finds out so long as he's wearing this hood he can
understand what it's saying i didn't expect this
but we can't be too surprised a cat that likes
mice of course likes to be scratched it probably
also likes catnip tearing couch sofas and licks
itself inappropriately in front of guests we need
to think of this thing not just as a monster but
with everything we know about cat behavior they
also love chasing lights and lasers and if any one
of them had a laser pointer they could distract
the cat away from the mice now that's obviously
a joke but if you're not doing everything you can
to use what you know against this thing to keep
yourself alive that you're already losing the game
he climbs up the cat and begins to scratch its
back with the help of the other students they all
work together until it finally goes to sleep shun
here is about to put an end to this game but one
of the students questions if there can only be one
winner like the first game this is a valid point
but there's enough objective logic here to infer
the answer in the children's game red light green
light there can only be one winner whoever reaches
the end first and everyone else is eliminated from
the game basketball however is a team sport and
when one person scores the team benefits this
is enough to convince me to surrender the shot as
someone with more skill if someone was insistent
on shooting and skilled enough to take the shot
i'd put my ego aside and let them have the bell
we don't have time to argue and it's important
to get the job done quickly without interference
their argument for shooting privileges
wakes up the cat who rips two students apart
they don't have time to put it back to sleep
but sean has another idea grabbing the ripped up
basketball on some spare mice costumes he and his
friend disguise the bell as a basketball since he
knows the camera lives and seen something before
it acts they can confuse the cat and maybe get at
least one shot up before time runs out in a high
pressure situation this is really good thinking
he's been paying attention to the cat's behavior
knows its weakness and is perfectly exploiting it
but he made one mistake if i had seen this room
before i would have used it more strategically
throughout the game we could run inside for cover
as a mouse and come out safely as a student there
also might have been more basketballs in there to
shoot and distract the cat with the girl takes a
shot but the cat smacks it away giving the boy the
chance to shoot the bell but it bounces right off
the rim and there's not enough time to try again
right at the last second this student jumps over
the cat's head and slams it into the hoop game
over but the killing continues as the hero of the
hour starts killing the other students believing
they don't deserve to live because they're
brainless losers okay this guy is a psychopath
but he's also not wrong unfortunately i'm not
trusting him in a game because he's blinded by
fanaticism instead of survival in the greater good
killing them off serves us no purpose the more
expendable people that are in the games the more
we can benefit from their deaths every game will
require a certain amount of mistakes to learn how
to play them and these kinds of people are perfect
for that let them make the mistakes and we study
the game's response and then use that information
to beat it then the cap loses sleeping gas at
them knocking them out when sean here wakes up he
finds himself in a room with an old classmate and
some strangers all four students have survived
two games the daruma and the caffeine this guy
activates a device and the group finds out they're
trapped in a giant floating cube with no way for
anyone to break in and save them the government
and military are powerless someone knocks on the
door and these four kokeshi dolls enter the room
they're here to play kagome kagome a game where
the player wears a blindfold while the kokeshi
dolls sing as they circle around him and he
must guess who's behind them when the music stops
this guy guesses incorrectly and gets a laser to
the head as the dolls take control of his body and
start bashing his head against the floor then this
girl goes after him but she can't figure out who
it is either he gets ripped in half from the legs
up okay this one is tricky because the premise
leads you to assume it's a game of chance like
russian roulette for children so the strategy
here is to eliminate as much chance out of the
equation as possible and we do this by gathering
as much information as we can from every sense of
perception we have available to us and then using
them to cheat the game we can try to observe their
starting order before putting the blindfold on if
we can confirm they form a circle in a specific
gender pattern our chances already improve next we
use our ears to track them by distinguishing the
male voices from the female voices if we know the
pattern and locate a male's voice as it circles
it tells us the gender that is behind us when the
music stops now all is left is to determine which
member of the gender it is and now comes the
cheating part of the strategy before i put the
blindfold on i would assign a number of taps for
each doll one tap for this one and four taps for
this one when the doll stops seeing the other
student in the room can tap the number for the
doll and hopefully not get ripped apart from where
the sun don't shine when it shuns turn to play
he can't figure out who's behind him the hero doll
tell him he's out of time and another doll repeats
it but this was all a part of his plan realizing
who just spoke he deduces correctly which one
is behind him he tricked this doll by playing a
recording of one of them saying you're out of time
baiting her into speaking and revealing the
order of their positions around him all the
dolls explode into dust and one of them drops
the key they need to move to the next stage
the two survivors walk out of the room and see
this guy come running at them asking to hold
their hand behind him another doll is chasing them
and they all grab hands just in time the monster
inspects them but leaves when it sees they're
all linked together ichika comes running around
the corner and chun manages to save her from the
handholding monster just in time they meet some
other students as well and discover that to beat
this game they need 7 students to turn seven keys
at the exact same time they don't have enough of
either until that killer student from the cat game
appears has brought exactly what they need with
an extra person to spare and to no one's surprise
he eliminates him without remorse once again
foolish i would use this extra kid as a lookout
for the hand-holding doll because we will need
to stop holding hands in order to turn the keys
and if the hand-holding doll catches us unlinked
we might not be able to turn the keys in time
everything is a resource here and this guy is
wasting them i would confront him that this is
a poor strategy and that we can let the game kill
him later but he did just save our lives for the
second time so i'm not going to hold it against
him too much the alternate keys at the same time
beating this game with 12 seconds left on the
clock meanwhile the cube is live streaming their
victory as everyone gathers in tribuya square to
watch and cheer for them the group go through and
find themselves on a hot spring except everything
is frozen over as soon as i see this environment
i'm staying against the walls this looks like
a lake that's frozen over and i'm not leaving
myself vulnerable to any traps without reason i'm
getting a head start in the game and encouraging
the others to do the same suddenly a giant polar
bear comes surfing in and tells them that in this
game everyone will be asked a question that they
need to answer truthfully if they don't they must
choose someone to be killed okay this sounds
too easy to be true and i'm not relaxing here
the real game is something hidden beneath the
surface we have to find out what's the trick
there's no incentive for anyone to lie but
surely they won't let us all pass through
i'm starting this one off by choosing not to trust
a single word this polar bear says expecting traps
of double meaning insinuation or metaphor we
can't think literally even when we're trapped
in a giant cube and talking to a giant polar bear
the first question asked is what is your favorite
food which they'll answer easily but the bears
surely freaks out because someone told a lie
and threatens to kill them if they don't identify
the liar in two minutes the players decide that
this guy must be it because his favorite food
is parsley and the bear crushes him to death now
i'm a classic over analyzer too this one would
honestly scare the living [ __ ] out of me the
answer to this question is deceptively complicated
because it's based on a general opinion and not
objectively true if i've had different favorite
foods throughout the years or a favorite in each
food category and if i change my mind after
trying new dishes how could i have one true
answer to this question so therefore how could the
polar bear know the truth is if i myself do not
this revelation is how we beat the game if i don't
know the truth then neither does the polar bear
and none of us have any reason to lie so when
the polar bear says he knows someone is lying
that statement itself is a lie and i would
accuse him as his secret liar to beat the game
the bear tells them there's an imposter in the
group who's intentionally lying to get them killed
this student realizes that everyone goes to the
same school except for this girl so she must be
the imposter and the polar bear stomps her flat
now that's what i call a high school crush but
as the kid looks at the bear's paw he sees
a black patch of skin and realizes that this
is a japanese demon bear as the snow melts
off revealing his true identity underneath
the group was taken to their new arena where
these dolls appear announcing this will be
the final game kick the cam the rules are simple
whoever is it must take the can and place it in
the circle then try to catch the others by looking
at their face call out their name and step on the
can those captured can be freed if another player
kicks the can but the kicker must sacrifice his
life because the can will explode the game ends
if the players avoid being captured while the one
who's it wins by capturing at least three players
by the time the sun sets then they draw stakes to
decide their roles in the psychotic student is
it everyone runs before the shooting kicks one
of the dolls into the air knocking the cane to
the ground and places it at the designated spot
okay hold on a second didn't they say that can
would explode if it was kicked this might mean
it's not triggered by impact and could be one
of the game's tricks if we need to kick the can
to save someone later but more importantly if i
was it i need to manage my time wisely because
finding people will be very time consuming and i
need to know how much time i have the setting sun
is too abstract and i need to convert that into
minutes the best way to do this is to hold your
fingers horizontally against the sky in between
the horizon and the sun each finger that fits in
between the sun and the earth is approximately 15
minutes the two boys try to hide as far away as
possible but the psycho student finds them first
and beats them into submission that's two down
two to go now finding people who have already hit
it will waste a lot of time and by retrieving the
can first you're giving everyone too much time if
it were me i would skip the can and quietly follow
them to their hiding spots first once someone's
find a good hiding spot it's unlikely they would
move from it and if i know where they're hiding
i can go retrieve the can and come back to their
hiding spot to catch them i would also prioritize
who i should put in prison the best person to
follow is shun because he's going to hide with
the girl and that way i'm more likely to catch
two people at once sean has proven himself to
think quickly on his feet and be heroic while
the other two are more cowardly so if shun here
is locked up first it's very unlikely anybody will
be coming to save him and as long as i get to be
captured i win the game there's only two players
left the psycho kid spots them and runs up the
stairs shun escapes as the girl goes off to block
the entrance but he breaks through and captures
her shout here is stuck trying to figure out what
to do as he's going to lose if he doesn't free
the prisoners now shun's team did not strategize
as well but honestly they have the best chance of
surviving from the start he has to see your face
and call your name to capture you by eliminating
either these two as a possibility you can work
the game to your advantage so i would have covered
my face of my jacket so he can't legally capture
me as a prisoner i would tell everyone to do
this no matter how much you're punched kicked
or beaten if you don't treat your face it will
become impossible for him to win then there's no
need for anyone to kick the can and sacrifice
themselves because no prisoners will be taken
this is the best possible outcome if someone does
get caught we can remove another win condition
from him when he's out finding people to capture
i would steer nearby to move the can and hide it
even if he sees her face and says your name you're
unofficially captured after these steps on the can
if they had thought about this from the beginning
they wouldn't be in this hopeless situation
but then sean here sees this old [ __ ] of arbor
nearby and he gets a clever idea he leaves his
hiding place dressed against the armor like i gave
you tennis just by looking at it this is clever
one of the rules for being captured requires clear
eye contact between a player and the person who
was it the helmet not only makes it harder but the
entire armor set am i protected from the explosion
if he kicks the cam he's covered two weaknesses
that gizzly advance she needs to beat this game
but it's too hard to move and there's no way he
can fight the student he backs away to the edge
and gets caught but this was a part of his plan he
changed the psycho and throws himself off the wall
dragging the other boy along with them as the
student is busy trying to pull the armor up
he's escaped and climbing back over runs for
the can he kicks it but it doesn't explode
his team wins and the dolls revealed that they
lied about the explosion now that it's all over
all the players are given popsicles as a reward
but the girl finishes her ice cream and realized
that these popsicle sticks declare who gets to die
and this was the secret final test they only get
the pass if luck is on their side the unlucky
players evaporated to magic powder and the two
winners are transported to the top of the white
cube as people below celebrate their survival